Add warning notice on GitHub Jobs Deprecation (#6575)
github/docs: content/github/finding-talent-with-github-jobs/about-github-jobs.md

  - Jobs
---

{% warning %}

> GitHub Jobs is deprecated! New jobs will not be posted from May 19, 2021. It will shut down entirely on August 19, 2021.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecation note: GitHub Jobs is now deprecated. The last date to post a job was May 19, 2021. The GitHub Jobs site will shut down entirely on August 19, 2021. For more information, see the [GitHub blog post](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-04-19-deprecation-notice-github-jobs-site/).
```

> Read more in the [GitHub blog post](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-04-19-deprecation-notice-github-jobs-site/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
